i've worked for several years, since college, as a waste management professional. or, put another way, a garbage man. either way, i'm not working now, because i'd be a dead man if i tried. i've driven two states north from my apartment and i'm not going to stop until i'm in canada. i'm hoping beyond hope i'll be safer there, even if i can't enter legally. i'm posting this at a public library, and even then, i'm lucky that i found one where i can boot into linux from a usb thumb drive. if i had to use what's on the library computers, there's no way the people involved wouldn't track me down. let's take this from the top. my name is sam pruitt, and i applied to work at rosy homes waste disposal. they offered a yearly salary that topped 60,000, with a 20,000 signup bonus. the very idea of a signup bonus is pretty much unheard of in a job market where you'll stay with one company for years, maybe even the same route. but i just happened to be unemployed, and they just happened to post one of their ads online. one phone interview later, i was scheduled for an inperson on monday. the real interview was at a nice building on a side street facing one of the city's many wellmanicured parks. it was fairly large, dwarfing the japanese restaurant and the antique shop on either side of it, but just as welldecorated, with a neon sign and an attractive coat of paint over its original concrete finish. the receptionist was as friendly as she was prompt, and i found myself sitting across from theodore, one of the company's managers, in five minutes flat. "so, sam, i think this interview is something of a formality," he started, a thin smile on his lips, "but let's talk anyway. what would you say is your greatest weakness?" theodore already knew my experience, and we had a few good chuckles between ourselves about the stock questions he asked. he was sharplydressed for someone in a garbage company, with a black fourbuttoned suit and a bright blue dress shirt, but i figured that was just for the interview process. not so: he wore a similar outfit every day after that i met him. needless to say, i got the job. after that was the onboarding. i had enough experience that they knew i could load and unload trucks, keep to a schedule and a route, and be economical with my time. none of that was in question during the process351 they just wanted to make sure i knew the particulars of this job. all of rosy homes' clients are rich folk who've opted out of public waste disposal with the city: tech ceos, movie stars, bankers and wealthy heirs, to name a few. apparently they have that option, although it's obviously not something you'd fill out an online form for. every house on a rosy homes route is served by rosy homes and nobody else.